Update client.py closes #695 (#696)
Flowminder/FlowKit: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

### Fixed

> - Flowclient docs rendered to website now show the options avaliable to arguments that require a string from some set of possibilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FlowClient docs rendered to website now show the options available for arguments that require a string from some set of possibilities [#695](https://github.com/Flowminder/FlowKit/issues/695).
```
